docs: add docs and conventions for adding images and contacts (#2903)
agrc/gis.utah.gov: README.md

### images

> Images used in content should always have lowercase file names and should be uploaded to the folder created for your content. Cover images of blog posts should have an aspect ratio of 1200x360. In order to insert an image into the body of your content, please include these lines of code at the top:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All images should have lowercase file names with words separated by hyphons aka kebab case. e.g.: `gis-day.png`.

Images should be organized into their pillar folder. e.g.: `/src/images/pillar-documentation/*`.

Blog posts started with the issue template will create a folder for your images in `/src/images/pillar-blog/{blog-slug}/`.

Aliases for these paths are available in the [/tsconfig.json](tsconfig). e.g.: `@images/blog/{blog-slug}` is equivalent to `/src/images/pillar-blog/{blog-slug}/`.

To update a blog post card and or the social sharing image for any page, update the pages or posts `cover_image` property with an image having an aspect ratio of 1200x630 pixels. 

In order to insert an image into the body of your content, please include these lines of code at the top:
```

  <Image src={photo} alt="text describing the image to a non sighted person" />
  ```

You should place this line of code in the spot where you want the image to appear in the content:

- astro

```astro

  <Image src={photo} alt="text describing the image to a non sighted person" />
  ```

> Remember to delete the placeholder file for your image after you have uploaded your images to the content folder. If you are not including images, be sure to delete the placeholder file before the content is merged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When editing blog posts created by the issue template, remember to delete the placeholder file for your images after you have uploaded your images to the content folder. If you are not including images, be sure to delete the placeholder file before the content is merged.
```
